Static fire 3 was the most successful test so far. No critical errors involved. TVC mount control significantly improved compared to last test. Little to none unwanted movement with the outer servo. Likely a result of improvements with the TVC mount itself. Less stripped hinge damped any minor movements in the servo and smaller hole for servo link prevented any wiggle movement. Although there is still improvement to be made with servo control, this test showed positive signs. TVC stayed vertical when it was supposed to with little sporadic movement. The four corner gimbal worked very well again. After the mount completed its four corner gimbal, it returned to its original zero position. The total impulse (8.23N) was again lower than the expected impulse of 10N. I recalibrated the load cells using an actual scale compared with my previous weight of water method (poured 500ml of water into a cup on the scale and set the known weight to be 500g). To my surprise there wasn't a large difference in thrust values. However, my max thrust was significantly higher at 13.8N. At this point, I believe the lower thrust is not a result of improperly calibrated loadcells, but rather manufacturer's error in making the solid rocket motors. Another test might be needed to be confident with this assumption though.

Looking at the Thrust vs. time graph, the 80hz load cells again created a more detailed graph. The max thrust was at 13.82N, which is the highest so far. However, the total impulse was the lowest its been so far at 8.23N.

Looking at the scatterplot is where we find the most significant improvements from the test. The x-range was only 3.22cm and the y-range was 2.99cm. The fact that these two values are nearly identical and relatively small in magnitude shows that both the inner servo and the outer servo have good control of the motor holder. Compared to the last few tests where one of the ranges was always significantly greater than the other.

After Static Fire 3 I decided to improve the graphs/plots in DataPlotter.py through the use of animations. For the Thrust vs. time graphs I added a vertical line that shades in the graph as it moves from left to right. Although there isn't a very practical application to this vertical line, it is definitely more visually appealing. However, in the scatter plot showing the center of force, I decided to plot the points one-by-one with time. Now, it is easy to see how the center of force actually moved with respect to time. Because flight test 3 made use of the four corner gimbal, we can actually see the movement of the TVC in the scatter plot. The scatter plot creates a "diamond" shape, which makes sense as the TVC moved to four different corners. We can also see that after the "diamond" shape is created, data points are plotted at the center of the diamond, which aligns with the code moving the TVC mount back to the center or zero positions. Additionally, since the time of the scatter plot is aligned with the time of the Thrust graph, we can see that the four corners movement started at approximately 0.2s past the time where Thrust = 1N, which verifies the TVC code worked as intended. 

Overall, a very successful test. Greater control over thrust vectoring and systems working as intended. New changes to DataPlotter code provide better analysis of collected data. At this point, it is unlikely there will be any major changes to the TVC mount. Possibly minor changes to hinge width or servo link hole sizes. Minor changes to electronics and power distribution are also possible. Additionally, converting the electronics into a PCB is likely a next step for the static fire mount. However, after these past tests, it is likely I will begin working on the actual rocket itself and flight software to reach the ultimate goal of a thrust vector controlled rocket.  
<br>
<br>
Changes for test 4:<br>
-TBD <br>
